Alerting: Allow configuration of content types for email notifications (#32665)
grafana/grafana: emails/README.md

## Tasks

- npm run build (default task will build new inlines email templates)

> - npm start (will build on source html, txt or css change)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- npm start (builds on source HTML, text, or CSS change)
```
